# 20.5 Release \(Current\)

## **Current Version - Symphony 20.5 \(1.59\) - Agent 2.59.0**

### Swagger

The Swagger file for v20.5 \(1.59\) available [here](https://github.com/symphonyoss/symphony-api-spec/tree/20.5.1).

### Agent Changes

* Agent 2.59.0
  * A fix was added to the Agent Health Check \(v2 and v3\) in order to ignore Datafeed v2 status.
  * Line breaks \('\n'\) are now allowed in the Text Area Element.
  * Fixed an issue with users blocked by IB policies. Now, a subscription error is shown when an API caller subscribes to a visible signal created by an IB blocked user.
  * Improvements in DLP error responses.
  * A fix was added to the Agent Health Check \(v2 and v3\) in order to ignore Datafeed v2 status.
  * Fixed issues with OBO session cache.
  * Missing metrics were added to the metrics report.

{% hint style="info" %}
### Agent 2.59.0 - officially supported Agent for Symphony version v20.5

To download the Agent, click [here](https://storage.googleapis.com/sym-platform/developers/rest-api/agent-2.59.0.zip). 

For a list of Agent x SBE compatibilities, click [here](../agent-guide/sbe-x-agent-compatibility-matrix.md). 
{% endhint %}

### **New APIs**

No APIs were released in Symphony version 20.5.

### **Updated APIs**

No endpoints were updated in Symphony version 20.5.

### **Deprecated APIs**

No APIs were deprecated in Symphony version 20.5.

### **General Updates**

* With Symphony v20.5, the usage of cards with Symphony Elements became possible. For more information, refer to [Available Elements](../../building-bots-on-symphony/symphony-elements/available-elements/).
* Now, in read-only rooms, Symphony Elements appear disabled for non-owner users \(those with read-only permission\).
* [Import Message V4](https://developers.symphony.com/restapi/reference#import-message-v4): Fixed an issue where imported messages were showing the wrong timestamp input.
* Fixed an issue that when removing a user from a wall post stream was returning an incorrect message response.
* PresentationML Live Renderer Tool: fixed an issue that when clearing the rendering of the live preview was returning the chosen theme \(dark\) to the default status \(light\).

### **Next Version - Symphony 20.6 \(1.60\) - Agent 2.61.0**

### Swagger

Coming soon.

### Agent Changes

* Agent 2.61.0
  * Fixed an issue that when sending attachments using the Create Message \(V2 and V3\) API, was not allowing the UI to download the attachment.
  * The messageML library has been updated in order to support the new Symphony Elements label feature.
  * Now the [Health Check Extended v3](https://developers.symphony.com/restapi/reference#health-check-extended-v3) API returns the authType field, showing if the Agent authentication is configured to use RSA or certificate.
  * [Message Create v4](https://developers.symphony.com/restapi/reference#create-message-v4): Fixed an issue when sending a message mentioning an external user by his/her email within the tag was not working properly.
  * Fixed an issue that when sending a message blocked by DLP \(Data Loss Prevention\) was returning the 400 error code instead of 451.
  * A new way to set the RSA private key for the agentservice user and ceservice users has been released. Now, it is possible to set VM parameters on the boot of the application. For more information, refer to [Agent 2.X and above Installation](../agent-guide/agent-2.x-and-above-installation.md).
  * The messageML utils library has been upgraded in order to fix issues with the conversion of the emoji shortcode from messageML to presentationML.
* Agent 2.60.0
  * Improvements in the velocity of Agent APIs responses.
  * Fixed an issue when replying to messages containing tables was not working properly.
  * Fixed an issue when sending attachments using the Create Message \(V2 and V3\) API, was not allowing the UI to download the attachment.
  * Changes applied to the [Health Check Extended v3](https://developers.symphony.com/restapi/reference#authentication) API in order to return the Agent status as `UP` when the `ceservice` or `agentservice` users are not configured in the Agent configuration file \(agent.yml\).
  * [Download Attachment](https://developers.symphony.com/restapi/reference#attachment): handling of the 404 error that is returned when trying to download an invalid attachment.

{% hint style="info" %}
Agent 2.61.0 - officially supported Agent for Symphony version v20.6

To download the Agent, click [here](https://storage.googleapis.com/sym-platform/developers/rest-api/agent-2.61.0.zip).

For a list of Agent x SBE compatibilities, click [here](https://developers.symphony.com/restapi/docs/agent-compatibilities)
{% endhint %}

### **Symphony Previous Releases**

For more information about previous releases, please click on the version of your choice in the list below.

* [Main Symphony 20.4 release](20.4-release.md)
* [Main Symphony 20.3 release](20.3-release.md)
* [Main Symphony 1.55 release](1.55-release.md)

